add config to disable all codehost requests (#45579)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/external_service/index.md

Sourcegraph can leverage.

Please contact support@sourcegraph.com if you encounter rate limits.

> ### Temporarily disabling all git requests to codehost connections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Temporarily disabling requests to code hosts
```

> It may be the case that you'd like to temporarily disable all git requests from Sourcegraph to codehost connections. Adding the folowing json to your site configuration will this task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It may be the case that you'd like to temporarily disable all `git` requests from Sourcegraph to a code host. Adding the following to your site configuration will stop Sourcegraph from sending requests to the configured code host connections:
```

```json
"disableAutoGitUpdates": true,    
"disableAutoCodeHostSyncs": true,
"gitMaxCodehostRequestsPerSecond": 0,
```

> > WARNING: disabling all git requests to codehosts will also disable permissions syncs, batch changes, discovery of new repos and may other features. 

Reviewer: I'd put the warning before the JSON snippet

Sourcegraph can leverage.

Please contact support@sourcegraph.com if you encounter rate limits.

### Temporarily disabling requests to code hosts

> It may be the case that you'd like to temporarily disable all `git` requests from Sourcegraph to a code host. Adding the following to your site configuration will stop Sourcegraph from sending requests to the configured code host connections:

Reviewer 2: The changes below will stop both `git` operations and also API requests to sync the list of repos, we should clarify that too.

> WARNING: disabling all git requests to codehosts will also disable permissions syncs, batch changes, discovery of new repos and may other features. 

```json
"disableAutoGitUpdates": true,    
"disableAutoCodeHostSyncs": true,

> "gitMaxCodehostRequestsPerSecond": 0,

Reviewer 3: Also `"gitMaxConcurrentClones": 0`.

Reviewer: Does that matter if the syncing is disabled?

Reviewer 3: I checked the code closely. You're right it doesn't matter.

Reviewer 3: Follow up PR: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/45694
